Yeah Godzilla.
yeah...
Ohhhhh   The Godzilla minus one is the good...   good  one.
I like the part where he shoots the beam and it blows up the entire city. Well, maybe not the entire city, but most of it.
They're hard.
Oh, that was good too, but I didn't watch much of it.
That was not supposed to do. Okay.
Yeah....   Yeah...
I like the guy with the glasses.
Yeah, the one who was like doing all the scientific stuff.
No...
Well, I don't know. It's kind of fun to shoot the bomb and blow it up.
Yeah...
Ohhh...  which that..  ohh.. yeah... I  think that might actually be my favorite.
Yeah yeah yeah
But then it came back.
Yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I guess that's something. The regenerate. Yeah.
I like regenerate.
Yeah, how are you doing?
Yeah...
Um, I thought it was cool. Oh no, no bones.
You have to make the flesh.
Maybe, I don't know, but I think you could come to the back.
Yeah...
Well, I don't know because that like with the window I can think of maybe it's attracted by both
Because they...  They were at the spot where I destroyed another book
Well, I don't know but I think it was in the same area and he decided to chase after it because I guess
I think it's like maybe like maybe attracted to the boat or like what you said or something like that
Okay.
Yeah...
Yedah...  But then you got blown up.
Oh... blown up..
Yedah...
Everyone blown up
No...
Yeah...
yeah yeah yeah usually (***)
Everybody  like a legendary creature in the deep sea.
i don't know but like i think that's a made-up island... made of island...
wait oh did you know that that island theme island is the one where
the first Godzilla
Very first godzilla well in the movie of the very first Godzilla
That was the island called like the places
in minus one there they were what's called Odo Island
Same name for the first one the first one
Yeah...   1954
That's when Odo Island first showed up, I think.
Yeah...I like the plastic one. Yeah, they got the plastic one.
Ya.. ya... ya...   wow...
When I was looking through music of Godzilla
I came across the soundtrack of the 1954 Godzilla.
And then when I looked at it, it said something about Oro Island.
Yeah...
Yeah... yeah...   yeah..  yeah.. yeah... They probably processed it to put into the music.
I didn't as usual...
No...
Yeah... I think...
I think...I think that's what it is. I mean, maybe it's not the same island that Godzilla showed up, but ....(***)
Yeah...
Yeah...   Yeah.. yeah....   I   Yeah...
Yeah...  Godzilla...
Yeah, yeah... yeah... and then she flew away.
Yeah...
Yeah, she comes back again though.
Hmm...
I actually didn't watch the whole thing. I only watched until like this.
like the clouds started coming
No,no...  no...  not really. But I do know what you're talking about. I did kind of see that part.
Didn't like...
No...but like I did see when she was in the water
Yeah...